README.md, before:

Blockchain Investments [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/rafaelturon/expense-point/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments) [![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments/coverage) [![built with gulp](https://img.shields.io/badge/gulp-project-eb4a4b.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fpng%3Bbase64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAYAAAAOCAMAAAA7QZ0XAAAABlBMVEUAAAD%2F%2F%2F%2Bl2Z%2FdAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAABdJREFUeAFjAAFGRjSSEQzwUgwQkjAFAAtaAD0Ls2nMAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)](http://gulpjs.com/)
============

Blockchain Investments is an open-source project to increase control over your blockchain investments performance.

**Live Demo**
- [Heroku Demo App] (http://blockchain-investments.herokuapp.com/)

# blockchain-investments

**Client**
TBD

**Server**
ASPNET Core backend with a restful API using Kestrel Web API Controllers. Persistance layer using MongoDB.

## Build & development
Client: TBD
Server: Run `dotnet build` for building and `dotnet run` for preview.

## Testing
Client: TBD
Server: Running `dotnet test` will run the unit tests with xunit.

## Deployment
Client: TBD
Server: Running `dotnet publish` will run the deployment steps.

Commit message:

Angular 2 client with server-side prerendering

README.md, after:

Blockchain Investments [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/rafaelturon/expense-point/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments) [![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rafaelturon/blockchain-investments/coverage) [![built with gulp](https://img.shields.io/badge/gulp-project-eb4a4b.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fpng%3Bbase64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAYAAAAOCAMAAAA7QZ0XAAAABlBMVEUAAAD%2F%2F%2F%2Bl2Z%2FdAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAABdJREFUeAFjAAFGRjSSEQzwUgwQkjAFAAtaAD0Ls2nMAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)](http://gulpjs.com/)
============

Blockchain Investments is an open-source project to increase control over your blockchain investments performance.

**Live Demo**
- [Heroku Demo App] (http://blockchain-investments.herokuapp.com/)

# blockchain-investments

**Client**
Angular 2 TypeScript app packaged with WebPack and Bootstrap layout and styling.

**Server**
ASPNET Core backend with a restful API using Kestrel Web API Controllers. Persistance layer using MongoDB.

## Build & development
Running `dotnet build` will build and `dotnet run` will present a preview.

## Testing
Running `dotnet test` will run the unit tests with xunit.

## Deployment
Running `dotnet publish` will run the deployment steps.
